1. What is the main event being talked about in this data set? 

2. What percentage of tweets with x amount of followers dealt with y event?

3. What was the highest retweet count for x time?

5. Who is being retweeted the most?

6. When did this subject start to decline/rise in popularity?

7. What is the average follower/following count (probably between 0 and 100)

8. What was the largest amount of tweets with followers between x and y amount throughout this stream?

9. What national holiday is going on (national tea day / earth day)

10. What celebrity are people talking about?

11. What happened in San Francisco Today? 

12. What hashtag is most frequent in the x,y range 

13. What hashtag is retweeted the most? 

ComboStream-21:

1. What happened in San Francisco Today? (power outage) 

2. What celebrity are people talking about and why? (Prince, 1 year anniversary of his death)

3. How many tweets had a retweet count over 11,000? (101 tweets) 

4. What day of the week was it in this data set? (Friday)

5. At what time period are the most people tweeting? ()

6. When is there a spike in high favorited tweets? (1:40:12 favorite spike)

ComboStream-22:

1. What day of the week was it in this data set? (Saturday)

2. What annual event is occuring? (Earth Day)

3. What are people marching for? (for science!)

4. How many twitter users have over x followers?

5. How many tweets got a favorite count over x? (101)

ComboStream-23:

1. Name one of the two sporting events happening today. (NYCvORL or ElClasico)

2. What day of the week was it in this data set? (Sunday)

3. What type of comedic facts are people tweeting about today? (FakeAirlineFacts)

4. How many tweets have a favorite count between x and y?

5. How many twitter users follow more than x people? 

NathionalPetDay

1. Of the two events being tweeted about in this data set, name the more popular topic. (National Pet Day)

2. Of the two events being tweeted about in this data set, name the less popular topic. (IlovemySchoolday)

3. Sentiment Question

4. How many tweets have a retweet count between x and y? 

5. How many tweets were favorited more than x times between y and z (time)
